Make the PullPreview user configurable. (#55)
cybex-gmbh/transmorpher: README.md

Take the hash of the token from the `personal_access_tokens` table and save it to GitHub secrets. The command also provides a `TRANSMORPHER_AUTH_TOKEN`, which should be stored
securely to use in client systems.

#### Using your custom PullPreview environment

In addition to the GitHub Secrets, you'll need to set the `CLIENT_CONTAINER_NAME` env variable for the Transmorpher server. 

> You may use the `CLIENT_NOTIFICATION_ROUTE` env variable if you have a custom notifications url than the default client implementation.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may use the `CLIENT_NOTIFICATION_ROUTE` env variable if you have a custom notifications url, which differs from the default client implementation.  
```
